MWPW-147808 - Create README.md for mobile app banner (#2263)
adobecom/milo: libs/blocks/mobile-app-banner/README.md

# Mobile App Banner

## Performance Impact

> This block has a known issue of CLS and can add anywhere from 0.03 to 0.07 CLS (which is is good range for a page as per google) to your page (as per lab data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This block has a known issue of CLS and can add anywhere from 0.03 to 0.07 CLS (the CWV metric for CLS starts failing at 0.1).
```
